Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to create animated story for the
children like this using the artflow AI.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, let's open the
chrome and search for artflow AI.
Okay, Artflow AI. Let's create an
account in this website to create our
story.
Sign in with Google.
Choose your Google account.
Down. Continue.
Accept terms.
Okay. Fine.
Okay. Now, let's begin to create our
story. Let's go here to story studio.
This type of
>> Benjamin Bunny, the clever bunny
detective, enjoys a moment of
tranquility in his meadow, unaware of
the mystery that is about to come
his way by the north, but although
delicate butterfly wings and bird
feathers.
>> Okay,
let's return.
Great new story.
Help me get stolen. I have story. Help
me to get a story.
First of all, let's see
how is your audience.
My audience is six years citizen from
Canada for example.
Hey, what is purpose for story?
Change of the volume of you can choose
what you want.
What genre of story you should be?
Children's story.
Story idea. You can choose the story ID
from the chat GPT.
Okay.
I want
to create story
or just
room.
Give me
some ideas.
Okay, give us
those ideas.
The beer who didn't like honey. Let's do
this one.
Okay, copy this one.
All of those
generate storyt.
Okay. Your personal outline story. This
is the characters
of my story.
Uh seant this story outline
create I want horizontal
and this is visual style of your story.
Okay story book let's see is this one
honey an
continue.
Okay, fine. Story character. This is
Pipa, a timid young pion learning to
overcome her fear on fly. This second
counter is Samanta wise old
spirit always encouraging the young
birds. It takes some time to generate
those character.
Okay, fine. Continue to the story board.
This is short narration.
Okay. Before we export, we have to
choose images. Your first one, this is I
abd
this. This guy was in life with no
[Music]
Okay, let's go.
Choose the images that describe your
story better.
I think it's good after creating this
export.
There is a problem with this export.
Oops, something went wrong. Let's
refresh the page
and go to story studio. Okay, it's
processing.
Let's take some times to export.
82%.
Okay, fine.
Let's stop. Let's see our video.
Nestled high in her leafy abode, a
little feathered friend quivered. Her
heart raced as she watched joyful flocks
darting and swooping in the air.
The sky was alive with laughter. Birds
danced like twinkling stars, filling the
world with their cheerful songs.
Suddenly, the gusts grew stronger. The
branches trembled. A wave of worrying
washed over the small creature. The
swish or beloved here. After that, you
can download the video
with a caption or not
save me.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this video.